Revamp Developer Portal: Update: expand v1.17 cert management and token binding docs (#1931)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: portal/certificates.mdx

<img src="/img/portal/portal-certificate-store.png" alt="The Developer Portal's Certificate Store view" />

### Uploading a Certificate

To add a certificate directly from the Admin Portal:

1. Navigate to **API Consumers > Certificates** and select **Add Certificate**.
2. Select the **Provider** (Tyk Dashboard instance) the certificate should be registered with.
3. Enter a **Name** for the certificate. This is used only within the Portal for identification and is not stored in the Tyk Certificate Store.
4. Upload the certificate in **PEM format**.
5. Optionally, associate the certificate with one or more **Organisations** (required if the certificate will be used with a Product in [Managed](/portal/certificates#managed-certificates) mode).
6. Select **Save**.

{/* TODO: Add screenshot of the Add Certificate form */}

> On save, the Portal validates the PEM format, parses the X.509 metadata (fingerprint, issuer, subject, validity dates), and checks whether the certificate has already expired. The certificate is then uploaded directly to the selected Tyk Dashboard. The raw certificate file is not stored by the Portal. Only the Dashboard certificate ID and the parsed metadata are saved to the Portal database.

Author: ```suggestion
On save, the certificate is validated and then uploaded directly to the selected Tyk Dashboard. The raw certificate file is not stored by the Portal. Only the Dashboard certificate ID and the parsed metadata are saved to the Portal database.
```
